## Group:
Simone Lewis

## How to execute:
Ensure that the dependencies are installed 

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

After the dependencies are installed, execute the driver(s)
```
python3 assignment4.oy
```
## Assignment Specification:

# 1. Custom Plotting Function
Write a function that can take a (time) series and a filename as input and generates a series visualization that is stored under the filename.

# 2. Modify Figure Properties
Modify the color and linewidth of the series visualization generated by custom plotting function of problem 1. Further more, add a title to the visualization and labels on the x and y axis. Make these parameters customizable in the custom plotting function.

Visit the Pyplot tutorial for information on figure properties.

# 3. To Stack or not to Stack
In this problem you have to make two plots from at least eight series objects (rows) in one data file, e.g., series-01.csv. In the first plot, you have to stack the eight series in one plot, that is, they shold all be in the same plot window (i.e., stacked on top of each other). In the second plot, each series object should have its own subplot (i.e., a total of eight 'unstacked' subplots). Discuss the advantage/disadvantage of stacked vs unstacked plotting of series data.

## Notice
# This code may work, however after saving the file it returns errors that weren't being raised before. It runs on my end, and returns the appropriate [figures](github.com/simone-sl/PFTH-2022/tree/main/Assignment%204/data).
